Sf header (#72)
skuid/skuid-labs: experiments/pages/removeSFHeader/README.md

> # Remove SF Header  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Remove Salesforce Header with Lightning to Visualforce Redirect
```

## Description:

> This folder contains the custom lightning component, controller, and VF sample code necessary to redirect your lightning tab to a VF page with no SalesForce header. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains the custom lightning component, controller, and Visualforce (VF) sample code necessary to redirect your Lightning tab to a VF page with no Salesforce header. 
```

> ## Setup Instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup Instructions
```

>  # In VisualForce:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Visualforce Setup
```

> Create a new [VF page](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.pages.meta/pages/pages_quick_start_hello_world.html) and copy the snippet in vForceSkuidPage and add the name of the Skuid page in the SkuidPage tag. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new [VF page](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.pages.meta/pages/pages_quick_start_hello_world.html) and copy the code from the vForceSkuidPage file, adding the name of your Skuid page in the ``page`` attribute of the ``skuid:page`` component.
```

> **Note: Make sure the users can access the page have the necessary permissions to view the "Skuid Page" as well as the VF page once deployed**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Make sure end users have the necessary permissions to view your Skuid page **and** the VF page once deployed.
```

> # Lightning Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Lightning Setup
```

# Remove Salesforce Header with Lightning to Visualforce Redirect

## Description:
This folder contains the custom lightning component, controller, and Visualforce (VF) sample code necessary to redirect your Lightning tab to a VF page with no Salesforce header. 

## Setup Instructions

### Visualforce Setup
Create a new [VF page](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.pages.meta/pages/pages_quick_start_hello_world.html) and copy the code from the vForceSkuidPage file, adding the name of your Skuid page in the ``page`` attribute of the ``skuid:page`` component.

For more information about this Visualforce component, [see the skuid:page Skuid docs](https://docs.skuid.com/latest/en/skuid/deploy/salesforce/visualforce/skuid-page-visualforce-component.html).
 
**Note**: Make sure end users have the necessary permissions to view your Skuid page **and** the VF page once deployed.

### Lightning Setup

> In your lightning developer console, create a new component(ex: sfHeaderRemoval), and under Component Configuration, check the appropriate boxes you would like to make a bundle with(i.e., Lightning pages, lightning tab, etc.). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [Salesforce Developer Console](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.code_dev_console_opening.htm&type=5), create a new Lightning component (for example: sfHeaderRemoval)

Then, under Component Configuration, check the appropriate boxes you would like to make a bundle with (i.e., Lightning pages, lightning tab, etc.). 
```

> First, copy and paste the code in: `headerRemoval.cmp` into your newly created component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the component editor open, copy and paste the code in: `headerRemoval.cmp` into your newly created component. 
```

> Next, copy the code in `headerRemovalController.js` into the controller and replace the URL with the VF page URL
>  
> ## Usage:
> In the custom Lightning tab
> * Add the custom component on the top of the page and save. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, copy the code in `headerRemovalController.js` into the controller and replace the URL with the VF page URL.

Finally, save the component.
 
## Usage
In the custom Lightning tab, add the custom component on the top of the page and save. 
```
